Document changes around usage collection (#1722)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/set-up/usage-collection.md

- The running program's architecture target (386, amd64, arm, s390x...)
- The list of JavaScript imported modules (`k6/http`, `k6/experimental/webcrypto`, ...)
- The list of used outputs (`json`, `influxdb`, ...)

> - The test run ID if the test was executed in the cloud

Author: ```suggestion
- The test run ID if the test was executed in the cloud or was outputed to it
```

> - Test run id if ran in the cloud
> - How many file were parsed and how many of those were ts files.
> - How many time `require` was called.
> - Whether `global` was accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The test run ID if the test was executed in the cloud
- The number of parsed files and how many were TypeScript files.
- The number of times `require` was called.
- Whether `global` was accessed.
```
